hi my name is Nathan loughborough I'm a
principal developer here at Autodesk on
3ds max we just had our biggest release
with 3ds max 2016 and now I want to tell
you about the exciting features we have
an extension one so i think what games
artists are going to be really excited
about in the extension 1 release is the
capabilities we have with the game
export and being able to bring models
quickly from max into their game
environment I think they're really going
to enjoy some the capabilities we built
with max creation graph to do animation
and I think they're really going to
appreciate the quick skinning methods we
now have available with voxels gang and
had heat map is getting so geodesic
voxel skinning is a volumetric technique
for generating skin weights what that
means in practice is in a lot of real
world meshes you have many parts that
may be intersecting there may be holes
in them there may be non-medical edges
we have more than two polygons getting
the same edge a lot of the complexity
that you get in modeling to try to
conserve polycount can really mess up an
initial skin waiting so what's great
about the voxel skinning is that it's
robust to those sorts of things you can
deal with many meshes that are that are
built into your character and you can
get a good skin waiting across all of
that the heat map skinning is a
technique that's sort of like shining a
light from the bones of your skeleton
onto the surface and a great example of
that comes from the hand you know often
if you do an initial waiting you can end
up with the fingers all skin to each
other and they stretch and web when
you're trying to pull them apart heatmap
skinning is really great for dealing
with cases like that where you have a
lot of bones in this area where geometry
is very close to each other because the
light so to speak doesn't get from one
finger to the next or one limb to the
next it stays very clean and robust
between the geodesic voxel skinning and
the heat maps getting we added I think
we put a couple of really nice tools in
place for people to get their their
first skin waiting for a character as
well major that those capabilities
were interactive so the artist could
adjust some of the parameters as the
skinning is being done so they can
really fine-tune it so they don't have
to do a whole lot of custom waiting to
get a good looking result what's really
exciting about the extension one release
for max creation graph is that we've
taken the tool set those available for
building geometry and modifiers and
brought it to controllers and what that
really means is max creation graph can
not do animation not just procedural
modeling I'm very excited about that
capability I think I can't wait to see
what the users do with it because I
think we've opened up a whole new
frontier for what max creation graph can
do for the extension one release we
wanted to revisit the look at controller
for aiming at objects or cameras in the
scene as well as rate a surface which
allows you to snap things to an object
in the environment as well as provide
some dynamics simulation capabilities so
by building those things in MCG we
provided new capabilities inside of Max
but we also give you the graphs you can
see how we built that functionality you
can modify that functionality and
produce your own custom versions of
those tools for your Senor environment
but in addition you can go ahead and
create your own graphs you can package
them in max and send them to another
user they can pick it up and use the
controller just as you did I think for
the game environment in particular
there's often a need to be able to see
what the results are going to be quickly
and easily and often to be able to match
something that's going on inside of the
game engine so we chose to integrate
bullet physics into MCG in order to
provide rigid body dynamics and be able
to constrain and colada objects and if a
game maker is using that same library
they can expect the results that they
see in max to be very closely matched to
what they see inside of their own game
engine for game export we provided new
capabilities in terms of FBX support the
artists can take their data from Max and
bring it into unity they can bring it to
the Unreal Engine as well as bring it to
the Autodesk stingray engine which is
our own in-house game engine you can
export models animation textures surface
data basically everything you want to
bring that the look movement and
appearance of that object into the game
engine with with high fidelity so we
really wanted the work that you do in
stingray to look as close as possible to
the work
you in 3ds max and a big part of that
was providing physically-based shading
that closely matches what you see in max
through shader effects that way you can
be working on the model and Max and when
you pull it up in stingray your results
are very much the same visually and in
terms of the surface detail it's a real
time saver because you don't have to
worry that the work you're putting it in
max is going to end up looking very
different in the game engine that is
going to need revisions to come back and
forth you can work on that stuff you can
see it live in stingray and be assured
that the end result is what you want
creative market I think presents a new
opportunity to be able to sell your
models easily through your own
storefront to make your creative work
available to other users who are willing
to license that works a great way to get
your work out there and have people
using it we really wanted to streamline
the process of being able to get the
models you need to do work if you're
looking for models the people have
created already you can search for them
directly in creative market right from
3ds max it'll show you the models
they're available and you license them
so for more information about the new
features in extension 1 go to autodesk
com / 3ds max
you